README.md, before:

# Express.js-Challenge-Note-Taker
HW Challenge #11

## Description


## Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage) 
* [User Story](#userstory)
* [How to Use This Project and Acceptance Criteria](#HowtoUseThisProjectandAcceptanceCriteria)
* [Demo](#Demo)
* [Support](#Support)
* [Credits](#Credits)
* [Contributors](#Contributors)


## Installation 
No installation is needed at this time

## Usage
IF you would like to use this application, open the command-line, make sure you are in the directory you want to be in, then once you are in that directory run the command "node server.js".

## User Story
- AS A small business owner
- I WANT to be able to write and save notes
- SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

## How to Use This Project and Acceptance Criteria

<!--link to heroku application-->

- GIVEN a note-taking application
- WHEN I open the Note Taker
- THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
- WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
- THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
- WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
- THEN a Save icon appears in the navigation at the top of the page
- WHEN I click on the Save icon
- THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes
- WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
- THEN that note appears in the right-hand column
- WHEN I click on the Write icon in the navigation at the top of the page
- THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column


## Demo 
Screenshots

Landing Page Screenshot

Taking Notes Screenshot

## Support 
If you need support or have any questions about the repo, please [open an issue](https://github.com/hannybear88/Node.js-Challenge-Professional-README-Generator/issues) or contact me via email at hannahkchung88@gmail.com. You can find more of my work on my GitHub, [hannybear88](https://github.com/hannybear88/).

## Credits
UCSD Coding Bootcamp
Hannah Chung refactored the code

## Contributors
UCSD Coding Bootcamp provided starter code
Hannah Chung refactored the code

Commit message:

added more text in README.md file and added screenshots in README.md file

README.md, after:

# Express.js-Challenge-Note-Taker
HW Challenge #11

## Description
For this challenge we had to create an application called Note Taker that can be used to write and save notes. This application will use an Express.js back end and will save and retrieve note data from a JSON file.

The application’s front end has already been created and provided by UCSD Coding Bootcamp. It's our job to build the back end, connect the two, and then deploy the entire application to Heroku.

It was challenging to build the back-end and connect it to the front-end. Even though it was challenging, it was quite enjoyable. I like making notes to myself because it helps me with reminding myself what I have coming up, what I need to do for the day, week, any events that are coming up, and etc. Another challenge I ran into was figuring out how to deploy it onto Heroku. It had failed which was frustrating because it was working fine everywhere else. I finally was able to figure it out.

 I had successfully deployed the app on Heroku, the app has no errors in the console, and there are no errors in the app itself. 

## Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [User Story](#userstory)
* [How to Use This Project and Acceptance Criteria](#HowtoUseThisProjectandAcceptanceCriteria)
* [Demo](#Demo)
* [Support](#Support)
* [Credits](#Credits)
* [Contributors](#Contributors)


## Installation 
<!-- `````
npm install
````` -->

## User Story
- AS A small business owner
- I WANT to be able to write and save notes
- SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

## How to Use This Project and Acceptance Criteria
Click on the button below to be directed straight to the Heroku deployed application
[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://expressjs-challenge-note-taker.herokuapp.com/)


- GIVEN a note-taking application
- WHEN I open the Note Taker
- THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
- WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
- THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
- WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
- THEN a Save icon appears in the navigation at the top of the page
- WHEN I click on the Save icon
- THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes
- WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
- THEN that note appears in the right-hand column
- WHEN I click on the Write icon in the navigation at the top of the page
- THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column


## Demo 
Screenshots

Landing Page Screenshot
![Landing Page Screenshot](/public/assets/images/landing_page_screenshot.png)

Note Taker Screenshots

![Note Taker Screenshot 1](/public/assets/images/Note_Taker_Screenshot_1.png)

![Note Taker Screenshot 2](/public/assets/images/Note_Taker_Screenshot_2.png)

![Note Taker Screenshot 3](/public/assets/images/Note_Taker_Screenshot_3.png)

## Support 
If you need support or have any questions about the repo, please [open an issue](https://github.com/hannybear88/Node.js-Challenge-Professional-README-Generator/issues) or contact me via email at hannahkchung88@gmail.com. You can find more of my work on my GitHub, [hannybear88](https://github.com/hannybear88/).

## Credits
- UCSD Coding Bootcamp provided starter code
- Hannah Chung refactored the code

## Contributors
- UCSD Coding Bootcamp provided starter code
- Hannah Chung refactored the code
